Help on: adverbs

accidentally     angrily        anxiously       awkwardly
badly            blindly        boastfully	boldly
bravely          briefly        brightly	busily
calmlycarefully	 carelessly     cautiously      cheerfully
clearly          correctly      courageously    crossly
cruelly          defiantly      deliberately    doubtfully       
easily           elegantly      enormously      enthusiastically 
equally          exactly        faithfully      fatally
fiercely         fondly         foolishly       fortunately
frantically      gently         gladly          gracefully
greedily         happily        hastily         honestly
hungrily         innocently     inquisitively   irritably
joyously         justly         kindly          lazily
loosely          loudly         madly           merrily
monthly          mortally       mysteriously    neatly
nervously        noisily        obediently      obnoxiously
painfully        perfectly      politely        poorly
powerfully       promptly       punctually      quickly
quietly          rapidly        rarely          really
recklessly       regularly      reluctantly     repeatedly
rightfully       roughly        rudely          sadly
safely           selfishly      seriously       shakily
sharply          shrilly        shyly           silently
sleepily         slowly         smoothly        softly
solemnly         sometimes      speedily        stealthily
sternly          successfully   suddenly        suspiciously
swiftly          tenderly       tensely         thoughtfully
tightly          truthfully     unexpectedly    victoriously
violently        vivaciously    warmly          weakly
wearily          wildly           
