Help on: emotions
 
accuse        agree           aeägry     applaud
aye           blame           blink      blush
boo           bow             chant      cheer
comfort       congratulate    console    cough
cry           cuddle          curse      dream
drool         drunk           eek        eenyhelevetti
embrace       eye             eyebrow    faint
fart          flex            frown      gag
gasp          glance          greet      grin
grunt         high-five       hmm        hug
hum           innocent        kick       kiss
kneel         kyllaseonpaskaa loom       moon
muah          mumble          neds       nirskaus
nod           oops            point      poke
ponder        praise          puuh       roar
rpely         run             salute     seduce
shake         shh             shiver     slap
slit          smile           smirk      snap
sneeze        sniff           snore      sob
sorry         stare           taunt      tease
thank         volunteer       wank       wave
wink          yawn            yell       yep
